Update virus-initiative-criteria.md (#9753)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/intelligence/virus-initiative-criteria.md

## Become a member

> The MVI Program has not currently accepting new applications for membership. Please contact MVI@microsoft.com for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The MVI Program is not currently accepting new applications for membership. Please contact MVI@microsoft.com for more information.
```
